Good afternoon, friends are in touch, Sergey
ravens site hands not glitches
we keep talking about secrets and
tricks and today I
tell you about how to do facing
tiled exterior corners of bathrooms in
one of the previous video tutorials we
learned to do the wall cladding master
showed us how to lay tiles
from the inside corner of the room let's
look at this fragment again you
see how the master puts the first
tile from the corner and then the second tile
here the main thing is to ensure the gap between
tiles where then will fit
grout
what is special about facing
angles ask you really approach to
facing internal and external corners
fundamentally different just so related
tiles on the corner do not stick because
the angle in this case will be
sharp and ugly for outside corners
apply the following technique is taken
Bulgarian and the edges of each of the adjacent tiles
grind at a 45 degree angle then
pressed to the corner of each other tiles
form a flat tiled angle of 90
degrees
let's see how this is done for
start you need to moisten the tiles with water in this
it will be easier to grind off the edges further
the master takes the grinder and starts
download the tile edge at an angle of 45
degrees
an experienced professional can do this
a cut to the eye I will immediately say that the newcomers
it will not be easy
Therefore, all those who have not done such work
spent
I recommend to buy some store
cheap tiles and as they say
practice on them before already
take up my dear tile
Well, now you will see the final stage
the master is doing the final touches now
the tile will be ready and it will be possible
stick to the outer corner of the wall and so
finished tile with glue applied on it
glued to the outer corner of the wall
Please note that we are addressed as
times exact at an angle of 45 degrees
tiles are similarly prepared
adjacent tile its edge
also grinds at a 45 degree angle
then glue is applied to it and it
glued to the corner of the wall dear
friends in this video lesson we learned with
you do facing the outer corner
bathroom walls
and I say to you, goodbye to you was
Sergey Ravens
site hands are not hooks yet